70 M aod Mon.

“ A highly liberal dist is absolutely nooman-'y to ptasarvo tho
dash and sat in the body, and at tho sama timo to keep it in a
powerfnl oondition An addition oi fat, which istho most intonso
respiration material, is ostona desirabls addition and nearly as
important as albuman; and it is asuggastivo faotthat tho working
olassas bava a dooidod tasto ior iattydishes, and that sats-a.
iood proportionatoly rich in iat-am rooognimd as an sxoellsnt
iood ior horsos.”¹

In tha above wo have tho strongast statements possible ln favor
oi tho impoltanoo oi protain for tho pmduotion oi work. When
wo oonsider tho larga proportion of oarbohydratas and other ox·
tnaotin tho ration, and mmemborthatfat oontains mota than‘twioo
tha haat unita oi protoin, wa must oonoado that thaso ioodgmnps
furnish most os tho onorgy developod in tho animal body. (438-
441)

n anonomastonsoaepananqoammzmnw

Μυκη.
89. inventionibus ot [awos aad silbam-The only oxtondod

, investigations oonoarning tho oomposition of tho bodias of farn

animals and oi the idolam during fattamg am thosa oondnotad
by Ianos and Gilbart oi tho Bothamstad (lingland) station.

Thaso investigations, whioh wora bogun in 1848, wera hrst pub·
lished in 1858.ι l'ho sooond part, ralating to tho composition of
tho ash oi tho antino animal and bedain separato parta was pub·
lished in 1863.⁸ 'this work will stand ior all timo a vines to
tha high standard oi painstaking rosaaroh established by thaso
pioneer English experimontsrs in agricultural nolanos. Only a·
briei summary of thair work oan horo bo given, taken n‘1ainly from
their nocant oontribntion on Tho Fsading oi Animals⁴

To determino tho ultimate oomposition of staats, sheep and pigs,
tho entire bodies of ton animals of oaoh gronp wora subjootod to
analysis 'Pha findings aro oondonssd in tha table haro given:

:gff'lssffl 5311 18593 Jour. Roy. l. Sos, 1860.
⁸1³n11.nrans,1>art11i,1soa; Rothamsted amon& Vols 11,111, 1v.
Stzgffi Roy. Agr. Soa, 1885. See also Bul. 22, Ο oa oi Experiment

 

